SONIC: Shouldn't we be
out trying to stop Eggman
instead of taking a coffee break?
I'm hoping we can put our heads together
and unravel the mystery of
Eggman's Chaos creature.
It's the most powerful thing I've ever seen.
We watched it gulp down two Chaos
Emeralds like they were candy.
They made that thing even stronger.
CHUCK: It sounds as if it's going to be
a real challenge to defeat this creature.
It will.
I knew it would be trouble
when I saw it on Angel Island.
After Chaos Control happened,
Angel Island was transported into this world.
That's where the Master Emerald was,
and I guarded it around the clock.
One night, a huge bolt
of lightning woke me up.
[Rumbling]
This wasn't an ordinary thunderstorm.
Something very strange was
happening at the summit.
I knew the Master Emerald was in danger.
But it was too late.
And that's when I saw it.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
If the Master Emerald's on Angel Island,
why aren't you there now protecting it?
Because it's too late.
The Chaos creature made sure of that.
Hey! Who are you?
[Growls threateningly]
What happened to the Master Emerald?
Are you the one who destroyed it?
[Roars in response]
[Grunting]
Wait!
Blast! Where did that thing go?
[Rumbling]
Now what?
The Master Emerald keeps this
island hovering in the air.
But it can't if it's shattered!
You shouldn't blame yourself for
what that creature did, Knuckles.
Big, when you went looking
for Froggy in the forest,
didn't you see something
that looked like Chaos?
Ohh...
Ribbit.
Ribbit!
[Gulps]
Hey, ya find another one, Froggy?
Hmm?
[Struggles]
Hey, am I seeing things?
You're growing a tail!
Ribbit...
Ribbit!
I tried to catch Froggy,
but he was faster than me
and he hopped away with something
I found in the forest.
What was that?
It was a big purple rock.
It looked awful pretty when it was glowin'.
That sounds like it could've
been a Chaos Emerald!
If that's the case,
then we'd better find that little
frog quick or it won't survive long.
Why, Grandpa?
Because Dr. Eggman is determined
to do anything to seize an Emerald.
The more Emeralds he feeds
that Chaos creature,
the easier it'll be to take over this world.
What is it?
[Screams]
[Explosions]
It's vital we find those Emeralds
before Eggman uses their
power to conquer us all.
No sweat! I'll find 'em.
You have a plan, Sonic?
You know I prefer to think on my feet.
I'll go and look for the broken
pieces of the Master Emerald.
I guess Big and I can go try
to find Froggy together.
Hmm. That's a good idea.
[Mechanical tinkering]
SONIC: Tails!
Huh?
Hey!
Hiya Sonic!
So we have to track down the
Chaos Emeralds all over again.
If we fail, Eggman'll win.
You think you're up to the challenge?
[Laughs] I already started collecting 'em!
Huh?
[BLINKS]
Ta-da!
I just found this Emerald yesterday.
We can use it to pinpoint where
all the other Emeralds are.
It'll make tracking 'em down a lot easier.
[Whistles]
Now you're startin' to think like me!
Hang on!
Ready for takeoff!
[Crowd talking excitedly]
Woah.
What happened, officer?
Huh?
Hey, it's Knuckles!
Woah! Think you and me
could get a picture taken
to show the guys back at the station?
Maybe later.
Do you guys have any idea what
smashed into that building?
Well, sorta.
Witnesses say it was a glowing
object that fell from the sky.
A what?! You're sure?
Well I-uhh!!
[Tinkling sounds]
A piece of the Master Emerald.
[Footsteps]
ALL: Woah!
This place seems like Mystic Ruin.
But the buildings should be ancient!
Why do they look brand new?
TIKAL: We must stop the invasion, Father.
Tikal, you know I must seize those
Emeralds for the good of our tribe.
When we have them, we will be strong.
But this plan of yours is foolish!
It will bring nothing but grief to our land,
and cause needless pain and
suffering to our neighbors.
There must be another way.
We should not try to help our own kind
by bringing harm to someone else.
It's wrong.
You feelin' okay, pal?
Huh? Hmm.
Since there wasn't a crime, we won't
need that rock as evidence, will we?
No! Knuckles can keep it.
If you find any more Emeralds
like this, let me know.
[Footsteps]
I couldn't protect the Master Emerald,
but I will gather what's left of it.
[Quaking]
Uhh..!
The Chaos Emerald detected something!
[Sparkling]
Down there!
Woah!
-Gotcha!
Are you okay?
I'm fine. The wind caught me by surprise.
[Tinkling bells]
This must be the spot!
We'll see!
[Tinkling bells]
Wooooahhh!
Another Emerald!
SONIC: [Laughs] Haha! Yeah!
Huh? Aah!
I sure hope the other ones
are this easy to track down!
Yeah, me too!
Aa-aah!
The wind's getting worse!
Ugh. Oh, great.
[Evil laughter]
Ugghhhhh!
Wooah! Ugh!
-Aah!
-Woah!
[Whirring]
[Evil laughter]
My scheme worked like a charm!
You did all the grunt work,
and I get all the glory!
Not to mention the Chaos Emeralds.
TAILS: Sonic, he followed us here!
EGGMAN: I'll se ya next time, boys!
Next time you find a Chaos Emerald, that is!
SONIC: Hold it!
[Laughing]
SONIC: [Grunts]
EGGMAN: [Grunts]
Oh, great.
Wo-oah!
[Grunts]
Hyaa!
[Drills spinning]
[Grunts]
Here!
How dare you!
Augh!
[Explosions]
[Splash]
We'll have to fish 'em out!
[Sparkling]
Huh?
[Maniacal Laughter]
You can come on out now, Chaos 4!
[Growling]
What do we do now?
[Menacing growl]
Aah!
You stay here, I'll handle it!
Woah!
Oof!
[Grunting]
Oh, yeah!
[Grunt]
Huh?
Ah! Sonic!
Now keep dunking Sonic 'til
he's totally washed up.
Woah!
[Sounds of yelling underwater]
Aah!
Alright, the wind!
Wooaaah!
Watch out, Chaos 4!
That finished it off, for sure!
Well, Eggman! Chaos had a meltdown!
It's not over!
[Laser blast]
[Bubbling]
This round you got a lucky break, but
next time, you'll just get broken.
Count on it, Sonic!
Dream on, Eggman!
Huh?
Thanks again for the Chaos Emeralds!
Keep up the good work! [Evil laughter]
Dr. Eggman'll be more powerful now
'cause I dropped those Emeralds.
I'm real sorry, Sonic.
Forget it!
We'll get those Emeralds back.
That's funny. The sky's getting dark,
but there wasn't anything in
the forecast about a storm.
[Gasp]
The X Tornado!
Stay on 'em, Tails!
[Blasting lasers]
[Returned laser fire]
They're closing in.
Now I can't miss.
[Laughs]
[Lasers firing]
I'll have to knock that thing out!
[Lasers]
[Radar locks onto target]
Missiles away!
[Missiles scream by]
[Explosion]
Something just fell out of Eggman's ship.
Wonder what?
[Soft scream getting louder]
[Thud]
Ow!
[Soft squeaking]
Ahh..! My head's not a landing pad.
Huh?
[Faint squeak]
You poor little thing. Are you hurt?
[Squeak, squeak]
Let's finish him!
Ready when you are, Sonic!
Prepare to fire Egg9 Cannon.
I want them knocked out of the sky.
Robotically Affirmative, Doctor.
Charging sequence, proceeding.
Barrier shield, activated.
Anti-shock systems are online.
Let's blow the X Tornado away.
[Charges up, fires]
He hit our wing!
Help!
Coming!
[Maniacal laughter]
Sonic! Sonic!
[Leaves rustle]
Huh?
[Crashing]
[Struggles to get away]
[Machine chases] [Panting]
[Lasers firing]
Aah! Sonic!
Ah! Oof.
You take over!
Where are you going?
It's more fun up here!
[Loud footsteps]
Sonic! What do we do now?
Dive right at 'em!
Okay!
When I'm with Sonic, I feel
like I can do anything!
Huh?
Sonic! We did it!
We stopped the robots!
Huh? A dream?
But where am I?
Huh?
Hey! How're ya feeling?
My head hurts!
Where's Sonic?
He's fine.
You're piloting skills saved both of
you from serious injury, or worse.
TV NEWSCASTER: The skies of
Station Square erupted in turmoil
earlier this afternoon as Dr.
Eggman battled the X Tornado
[Crowd panic]
Uhh?
Unfortunately Eggman got away in his ship.
[Disappointed sigh]
I'm afraid the X Tornado
sustained heavy damage.
But we're not givin' up, are we, Sonic?
We're gonna get those Emeralds back somehow!
You bet we are!
Amy and Cream went out shopping.
I hope they make it back
here without any trouble.
That big ship is goin' away!
I'll check on 'em
Sonic and Tails were pretty banged up,
but they'll feel a lot better after they
eat the gourmet meal we cooked for them.
Yeah! Now I could try out all the
fancy recipes that Ella taught me.
Right, Cream! It'll be the best meal ever!
Chao, chao! Ooh.
And Cheese! We'll need
your help cooking too!
Chao, chao!
You recovered from your fall
pretty fast, little bird.
I wonder where it came from.
And if it has a name?
[Chirps pleadingly]
We can't understand you!
We don't speak bird.
Hey! Maybe we should give you a name.
I know! What if we call you Lily?
[Chirps happily]
It likes that name, Amy!
Huh! Then Lily it is.
Wherever you come from, Lily,
I promise I'm gonna get you back home!
Huh?
ROBOT: Subject identified.
What's that thing?
[Screaming]
Amy!
Woah...
Huh?
Let me go!
Please, somebody help her!
Chao, chao!
Hold on, Amy!
Sonic!
[Struggling]
ROBOT: Mission accomplished.
[Screams]
Amy!
[Panicked screaming]